What? What are you talking about?
Mom
Brother Mo Li said that the child in my sister's belly is his
Uh, don't worry.
As long as I'm here
Don't be afraid of anything
Even if the sky falls, I will stand for you
Now that you and Ah have solved the misunderstanding
So when are you getting married?
aunt
I've got it all figured out.
Wait until the child is born
I took Ann to Malta to get married
Where can he only get married and not divorce?
I've already thought about it
My whole life
Can't be without an answer
I see.
I would like to stay with you forever
Promise you
If there is no wrong teacher Ye
It's enough if no contractor happens
Maybe we can really be together
But it's too late now
Great, great.
Xiaonan walk
Go shopping with my mother
Cook some good dishes
Jasmine
Thank you for ending for me
You shouldn't have carried it for me
This will affect your life
I meant everything I just said.
If I had said three years ago that I had something to leave
You've been together for a long time
I do this
Do you mind?
I don't mind.
No matter what happens to you
I don't dislike it
As long as you have me in your heart, it's enough
Hey
That one?
Will you be my wife?
I am now
I'm a little confused right now
I want to wait until after the child
Consider my responsibilities
I will always wait for you.